Use git config values as default author and email (#2271)
beeware/briefcase: changes/2269.feature.rst

> ``briefcase new`` and ``briefcase convert`` try to infer the Author and Author's Email from the git configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new project with ``briefcase new``, or converting an existing project with ``briefcase convert``, Briefcase will now try to infer the author's name and email address from the git configuration.
```
